Code Book:

From the Instructions:
You should create one R script called run_analysis.R that does the following.

Requirement 1 
"Merges the training and the test sets to create one data set."
Met by creating a sister dataset for test and train called combined. Each file in test and train 
are then paired together, opened, merged, and saved in the combined directory with the original 
file name (i.e., not containing the "_test" or "_train" suffix). These may be verified by checking 
the directory. 

Requirement 2 
"Extracts only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement."
I've opted to meet this vague, cryptic requirement by opening each of the nine measurement files that 
were combined in step 1. Summation is taken across the nine measurements for average (mean) and 
standard deviation (sd) across each of the measured vectors. Dataset R2 is provided to meet 
Requirement 2.  


Requirement 3 
"Uses descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set"
Met by joining the activity description (walking, standing, etc. on to the y dataset. As the order 
of y dataset is not disturbed by this operation, subsequent joins using the resulting dataset (R3) 
will include the English description of the subject's activity. The R3 dataset is used downstream 
as part of Requirement 5.

Requirement 4 
"Appropriately labels the data set with descriptive variable names."
Met using the colnames() function and the 561 element feature.txt file. The resulting dataset is 
presented as R4.

Requirement 5 
"From the data set in step 4, creates a second, independent tidy data set with the average of each 
variable for each activity and each subject."
From CRAN: 
In tidy data:
 * Each variable forms a column. (all 2800 of them!)
 * Each observation forms a row.
 * Each type of observational unit forms a table.
Met by melting the product of R4 and R5, then assembling a table containing the mean of each of the 
2800+ measurements for each of the thirty subjects in the test.  Which makes for one really wide
table (combinations of the 561 variables from X and the six activites) with 30 rows. Ouch! 
The R5 dataset is the same dataset submitted with the assignment. 
